Add GCP secret-manager documentation (#10124)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/how-to/how-to-add-custom-secret.md

# Add custom secret to Prow

This tutorial shows how to add and use a custom secret in the Prow pipeline.
## Procedure

> 1. Create a new secret in the Secret Manager. The secret name should be in the following format: `<component>-<tool>-<secret-name>`. For example: `security-dashboard-github-bot-token`. The secret should contain the following fields:

Reviewer: We should define what component and tool should represent. For me the component is a part composing a tool. With that understanding I would format name to <tool>-<component>-<secret-name>.

Additionally using a <secret-name> in the secret name format definition seems wrong. Maybe the last part should refer to something like <identity/entity>.

   - **secret value** - the value of the secret, for example, the GitHub token.
   - **description** - the description of the secret in the **Annotations description** field. For example: `GitHub token for the Security dashboard Github bot`.

2. Apply the `owner` label to the secret in Secret Manager to help identify the secret owner. For example: `owner: neighbors`.

> 3. Apply the `type` label to the secret in Secret Manager to help identify the secret owner. For example: `type: service-account`.

Reviewer: A `type` label is not to identify the secret owner. Additionally a `service-account` is not a type of a secret. More suitable type would be service-account-key or even service-account jwt key.

This tutorial shows how to add a custom secret and use it in the Prow pipeline.
## Procedure

> 1. Create a new Secret in the Secret Manager. The Secret name should be in the following format: `<component>-<tool>-<secret-name>`. For example: `security-dashboard-github-bot-token`. The Secret should contain the following fields:

Author: done

   - `secret value` - the value of the secret, for example, the GitHub token,
   - `description` - the description of the secret in the `Annotations description` field. For example: `GitHub token for the Security dashboard Github bot`.

2. Apply `owner` label to the secret in Secret Manager that will help identify the owner of a secret. For example: `owner: neighbors`.
3. Apply `type` label to the secret in Secret Manager that will help identify the owner of a secret. For example: `type: service-account`.
   

> 4. Apply the necessary permissions(this step and next steps are only required when you want to use secret on Prow). Add the `secret-manager-trusted@sap-kyma-prow.iam.gserviceaccount.com` principal with the `Secret Manager Secret Accessor` role if the secret will be used only for a postsubmit or release job. If you are creating a Secret for a presubmit job, use `secret-manager-untrusted@sap-kyma-prow.iam.gserviceaccount.com` principal with the same role. If you want to use the secret in presubmit and postsubmit jobs, apply both principals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Apply the necessary permissions. Add the `secret-manager-trusted@sap-kyma-prow.iam.gserviceaccount.com` principle with the `Secret Manager Secret Accessor` role if the secret will be used only for a postsubmit or release job. If you are creating a Secret for a presubmit job, use the `secret-manager-untrusted@sap-kyma-prow.iam.gserviceaccount.com` principle with the same role. If you want to use the secret in presubmit and postsubmit jobs, apply both principles.
```
